<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=scr, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Document</title>
</head>
<body>
    <script>
//1. Create a variable using var and store your name.
        var name = "Kaushik N"
        
// 2. Print your name using console.log().
        console.log(name);


// 3. Create a variable using let and store your age.
        let age = 22


// 4. Change the value of age and print it.
        age = 23
        console.log(age);


// 5. Create a constant variable for country name.
        const country1 = "India"
        
// 6. Print the country name.
        console.log(country1)


// 7. Try redeclaring var variable and observe output.
        var num1 = 33
        var num1 = 44
        console.log(num1);
        //ans: 44
//8. Try redeclaring let variable and observe error
        //let a1 = 26
        //let a1 = 34
        //console.log(a1);
        //ans: syntax error

// 9. Try reassigning const variable and observe error.
        //const b1 = 6
        //b1 = 10
        //console.log(b1)
        //ans: syntax error


// 10. Write difference between var and let.
        // var can be  declared,reassigned and redeclared,but in let 
        // can be only declared and reassigned cannot be redeclared.


// 11. Write difference between let and const.
        //let can be declared and reassigned.
        // const can be declared only.



// 12. Predict output

var a = 10
a = 20
var a = 30

console.log(a)

// answer : 30

// 13. Predict output

let b = 50
b = 60

console.log(b)
// answer : 60



// 14. Predict output

const c = 100

console.log(c)
// answer : 100


// 15. Use console.log() to print "Hello World".
        console.log("Hello World")


// 16. Use alert() to show "Welcome User".
       alert("Welcome User");


// 17. Use confirm() to ask user:
// "Do you like JavaScript?"
        confirm( "Do you like JavaScript?")

// 18. Use prompt() to ask user name.
       let Username=  prompt ("enter your name");


// 19. Print prompt value in console.
        console.log(Username)
        
// 20. Use document.writeln() to print "Batch 33".
        document.writeln("Batch 33")


// 21. Create variable studentName and store your name.
        var studentName = "Kaushik N"


// 22. Create variable studentAge and store your age.
        var studentAge = 23


// 23. Print both variables together.
        console.log( studentName,studentAge)


// 24. Create a variable for mobile number.
        let mobileNumber = 6374432919;


// 25. Print mobile number using console.log().

    console.log(mobileNumber);


// 26. Create variable using var for favorite color.
        var color = "red"


// 27. Reassign another color value.
        color = "blue"


// 28. Create variable using let for marks.
        let mark = 60


// 29. Change marks value and print it.
        mark = 95


// 30. Create const variable for PI value.
        const PI = 3.14


// 31. Print PI value.
        console.log(PI);


// 32. Predict output

var x = 5
var x = 15

console.log(x)

15


// 33. Predict output

let y = 25
y = 35

console.log(y)

35


// 34. Find error

const z = 40
z = 45

console.log(z)

syntaxerror


// 35. Create alert box with your college name.

alert("ACE COLLEGE");


// 36. Ask user age using prompt().

   let UserAge = prompt("enter your age");


// 37. Print user age in console.   
        console.log(UserAge)


// 38. Ask user confirmation:
// "Did you complete HTML?"
        let userCompletion = confirm("did you complete html")


// 39. Print confirm result in console.
        console.log(userCompletion);


// 40. Print "JavaScript Class" using document.writeln().
        document.writeln("JavaScript Class");


// 41. Create 3 variables:
// city, state, country.    
        let city = "hosur";
        let state = "Tamil Nadu";
        let country = "India";



// 42. Print all variables together.
        console.log(city,state,country);


// 43. Create one example for var.
        var x1 = 15;
        x1 =20;
        var x1 =25;
        console.log(x1);


// 44. Create one example for let.
        let pet = "dog"
        pet = "cat"
        console.log(pet);

// 45. Create one example for const.
        const BG = "B+ve"
        console.log(BG);



// 46. Predict output

var num = 100
num = 200

console.log(num)

200


// 47. Predict output

let price = 500
price = 700

console.log(price)

700


// 48. Predict output

const password = 12345

console.log(password)

12345


// 49. Write rules of var.
        var can be declared.
        var can be reassigned.
        var can be redeclared.


// 50. Write rules of let and const.
        let can be declared.
        let can be reassigned.
        let cannot be redeclared.

        const must be initialized while declaring.
        const cannot be reassigned.
        const cannot be redeclared.

        

    </script>
</body>
</html>
